added suspending update renderer for task (#136)
SamVerschueren/listr: readme.md

```

## Rendering options

> By default, [listr-update-renderer](https://github.com/SamVerschueren/listr-update-renderer) is active. This renderer refreshes the state of the tasks every 100 milliseconds. With the option ```suspendUpdateRenderer``` the refresh can be suspended for the time the task is running. After the task is completed, the listr-update-renderer starts again refreshing the state of the tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the [`listr-update-renderer`](https://github.com/SamVerschueren/listr-update-renderer) renderer is used. The renderer updates the state of the tasks every 100ms. When the `suspendUpdateRenderer` option is supplied, the state updates can be suspended while the task is running. After the task is completed, the renderer will resume updating the state of the tasks.
```

```js
const tasks = new Listr([
	{
		title: 'Encrypt gpg-file',
		task: () => execa('gpg', ['-e', 'file']),
		options: {suspendUpdateRenderer: true}

> 	}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	},
```

	{
		title: 'Remove the unencrypted file',
		task: () => execa('rm', ['file'])
	}
]);

tasks.run();
```

> This feature is usefull for tasks with user-input. The user-input is always gobbled up, when the listr-update-renderer is not in suspend-mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `suspendUpdateRenderer` option is useful for tasks which receive user input while running, as without it the input will be ignored by the renderer.
```
